For each presentation, copy-and-paste then fill-in-the-blanks. You must comment on at least one thing.

Title of presentation: League of Legends

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:Interesting topic
Diversifying the groups helps to analyze the differences

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Would it be possible to use the data you have to attempt to randomize teams to try to determine success ratios for each differing type of team?
What about the player abilities? How did you remove them? Can you remove them???????? 
Why south Korea?
Maybe create a table, that shows the liklihood of success of each hero in each area?

Title of presentation: H1B

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Labor condition requisition
Showing the data clearly 
Clear results: if more than 500 H1B applications, almost certain to be democratic
Clear statement of response and unit of analysis
Nice work explaining the models, demonstrates understanding
What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Hard to see graphs
Radar plot is hard to follow


Title of presentation: Traffic

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked: 
Interesting choices for variable selection and reduction of complexity.
Lots of residual analysis, seems useful but altogether unnecessary to elaborate so much

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Should rescale the county map to fix the massive tail
Rescale the transportation type by population
How did you choose those representative states? Should include national average on there. 
Would like more information on significance of predictors, and whether they are statistically significant. 




Title of presentation: Plying with Lyrics

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Amazing schematics and information
Amazing word cloud! Wow!


What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Really hard to hear
Try to define your terms early on
How did you decide the values that are positive or negative?
What are the types?


Title of Presentation:NBA

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Very clear variable declaration and evidences of the variables
Nice work picking out the aspects of the data, and knowing what makes your data unique
Great project for those that are hip and way deep into the realm of basketball

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Please define terms for those who don't watch basketball
Do these players illustrate the effectiveness of the team in general? 

Title of Presentaion: Terrorism

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked: 
Great topic choice
Effective visualizations
Very excited about the information!
What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Lots of information about the location of thecountries in question, but it seems that this was slightly tangent to your thesis?





