Title of presentation:Fragile Families

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Very well done explaining the columns and what they meant
Nice to see the layout of the grit variables
Nice to have limitations listed, lots of them!

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Really hard to see the presentation(data)
Would be nice to see significance values of the data
What was the lambda?





Title of presentation: Mass Shootings

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Nice work using images to bring interest to your subject, and using the diagram to clearly show information
Nice job with cluster analysis, very informative!!!

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Plot side by side comparisons(mass shooting compared to firearm checks, side bysisde, etc)
Labels on the graphs(what does red or blue mean?)
Which states are high on your scales of purchases and gun violence?
Vary your plot type?
Kinda long



Title of presentation: Tourist Reviews

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Really insteresting study, nice work with the textual analysis

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
Can't read the slides, too much textual information for presentation
Would like process before conclusion
Didn't seem to be prepared ahead of time
So, what was the result? Did you find what was significant for those that gave low reviews(where they are from?)?


Title of presentation:Voting (Eval myself)

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked: A masterful display of art and data science

What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:The future of our project, as we go beyond



Title of presentation:Crime in Chicago

What were aspects of the presentation that you liked:
Using information about the city to describe what you thought was the greatest predictors on who commits a crime
unit of analysis is block by time
What were aspects of the presentations for which you had concerns or questions:
hard to interpret your results, would have liked some conclusion on what you saw as significant.
the graphs weren't super helpful(the geographic ones on chicago) in my opinion. Hard to figure out what your were looking at



